through the increasing use of
Converters in combination with micro
Electronics become the electromagnetic
compatibility is increasingly important therefore
It is already both devices and systems
planning important the info too
account
Today I'll show you a g 120
dmv just construction every construction
divided into zones feeding same
rail system power switch network
protects power supply unit consisting of 120
power module control unit terminal block
and at the very bottom mv rail
First I want the line from the
socket area then the clothes line
drop
cut off the screen but about 1
let stand centimeters
the protruding screen over the
Foreign trade will then come with a blow
or rubber cover now seal with help
a strap clamp the cable to the mv
put rail and tighten firmly
set down the line and on the for that
Laying provided terminal strip
now for engine performance first measures
then stop the line
and cut off the screen but about 5
let stand cm
Here, too, the beautiful for foreign trade
berlin and with a comedy or
smurf hose the end different
so that about two inches from the screen
Visible are with a hot air 55 loud
shrinking small
Now the line can be put on
The included frame ties around the
Cable bending and inters in the sheet metal
hook in and tighten the screw
Now the veins are deposed and with
an address provided
After that, the veins on the motor
plug enlightened and the plug can
be plugged again
Now the line is in the cable channel
professionally installed is on
separate relocation between tax and
lask tear to places
at the end, the engine power with
to relieve an ironing station
at the signal lines is with the
collars tie in the same way and
wise procedure on good contact
between frequency converter and
pay attention to mounting plate
important to mention is that
between inverter and mounting plate
a large-area connection exists
retrofit systems no varnished
use mounting plates
when settling the motor lines can
proceed in the same way
become
it is important to mention that mv
The prescriptions are used
an optimal connection between screen
and housing as you are now
You can have seen under consideration
some principles relatively easy one
edv just install converters
realize